five minutes from now this team will
save thousands of lives under no
circumstances does this briefcase leave
the area or its war good or bad when you
work for the agency all teams in
position it becomes your whole life
I want to spend the rest of my life
killing free you're the best agent for
this job Ethan
we need you I just spent a little more
time than my daughter your wife why did
you leave me and mom there's no easy
answer I was gonna ask you to look after
Zoe I'll go to London for work I can
handle it
you have to make me a promise are you
done are you really done working for
them what's happening to me you're sick
Ethan but I could offer you an
experimental drug that might just give
you your life back
buy back my life I ain't killing for you
that's the job you have three days to
kill
Zoe I want to make dinner tonight and I
want to make spaghetti sauce are they to
help it just so happens I'm in a meeting
here with the real live Italian unions
to give you is a great recipe why don't
you say hello to my daughter
hello I am a Guido
but I am sure that if you don't try this
Joey you'll be dead in three days you
said there'd be one guy not five
but you might want to ride home did you
hear that the spares loose in the
trumpet have a conversation with my
daughter I'm sorry sweetie now where
were we